10 Sec Maths Game Project Overview
For the final project, you will be creating a web game called 10 Seconds Math Game. It's a game where the user needs to input the correct answer to a basic arithmetic equation. Such as 5 + 10. However, there is a time limit of 10 seconds for which the user can input the correct answer and progress to the next question.

If the user runs out of time, the game ends. If the user makes a correct guess, an additional 1 second is added to the available time. Your game needs to satisfy the following criteria.
Scope
Minimum requirements:
An input for the user to type the answer.
An element displaying the current math equation question.
Equations uses "+" operator only.
A count down for the time left.
The game starts when the user clicks a button or starts typing in the input.
The game ends when the user runs out of time.
When the user makes a correct guess, add 1 second to the available time left.
The current score is shown.
A way to restart the game if time runs out.

Bonus features:
Multiple question types (+, -, *, /).
Number limit for the user to set.
High score indicator for the high score in the current session.
Setup
We won't be providing a set of files. You will need to create your own folder and file structures from scratch. Make sure you setup your directory as a Git repository and create a GitHub repository as well. Consult the curriculum notes if possible.
Pointers
Start by building the simplest version without worrying too much about CSS. You should aim to build out the following core components first.

A function for generating a new set of question and answer. I.e. question "5 + 8", answer "13".
Interface for displaying the current question.
An event handler for when the answer input element is receiving a keydown event, check if the user entered the correct answer.
If the user entered the correct answer, generate a new question and repeat the process
Create a count down function, if the user gets the correct answer, add 1 second to the count down.
When the count down function runs out of time, game is over.

Once you have completed those parts, you have a playable game. You can then move on to making improvements or attempt the bonus features.
Walkthrough
We will provide a walkthrough on how to build the basic features in the next unit. Use it if you are really lost.
Demo
A demo of the game is available on https://altcademy-ten-second-math.netlify.com/.

To submit this assignment, first host your work on https://www.netlify.com/. Then submit the URL of the site and GitHub repository below.
